what's up guys this is a dark souls
video this is one of the final bosses I
this is really for the Dark Soul
subscribers I know there are literally
dozens of you compared to all my GTA
fans out there but I really wanted to
put this video up and if you don't if i
mean you're really only interested in
GTA then you don't have to watch it but
this is for anyone was having trouble
with King vendrick I mean he's really
not that difficult but the trick is that
you need to have the at least four giant
souls prep five is preferable but I
thought fighting the ancient dragon was
going to be more trouble than it was
worth so this is just me fighting him
with four Souls in my inventory as you
can see i do pretty good damage you got
just a couple tips for this boss fight
if you're a melee build you want to stay
behind his left leg kind of like I'm
doing right here he's he can't seem to
hit you from there for some reason I
don't know if its the hitbox on the
sword or what but as long as you keep
dodge rolling around there when he
swings you should not really take too
much damage if he does get a hit on you
though you need to be careful because he
will go for I believe if one hit
connects he'll try to land a second one
it right after so that will definitely
kill you if the first one didn't so
that's just some things to watch out for
you also want to apply a weapon buff for
maximum damage because he uh Bendrick
has a ton of health and the battle will
be really slow if you don't so i
recommend any pine resin or any sort of
buff you have that's part of your
character is definitely a good idea i
don't know what his weaknesses are i
mean i just use the charcoal pine resin
which is fire damage and that seemed to
be better than not using it so just to
remind everyone this boss fight is
actually completely optional you do not
have to fight him i believe i wanted to
do it though because a new game+ he'll
only be more difficult i mean in this
playthrough which is my first one I
really wanted to fight every boss
possible even all the optional ones I
would only go to heal whenever he
whenever vendrick swings a sword and you
dodge roll and that's normally when you
would squeeze a couple hits in with your
sword I would not attack that time and
just heal that's probably the safest
time to heal
and this is basically just a reminder
but there are five giant souls that will
eat for each soul you have it will
reduce vendrick defense by a significant
amount so you ideally want to have all
five but you don't need it I mean I'm
only doing it with four here and you
have to go to the dragon shrine talk to
the ancient dragon and he will give you
the ashen mist which lets you go into
the giant memories and obtain these
souls of giants
okay guys that is it for vendrick so
that's gonna wrap up this video like I
said I know this video isn't for all my
GTA subscribers out there but I do want
to do some Dark Souls stuff on the side
but trust me they're definitely more GTA
videos coming so make sure you like
comment subscribe and all that good
stuff